Small language fix (#565)
PennyLaneAI/qml: demonstrations.rst

                                    <br>
                                    <strong>Quantum Computing</strong>
                                    </h3>

>                                     <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Explore general quantum computing tasks and algorithms, from measuring quantum volume to boson sampling.</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                    <p class="mb-1 grey-text px-3">Explore general quantum computing concepts and algorithms, from quantum volume to boson sampling.</p>
```
